Add documentation on noise. (#1528)
quantumlib/Cirq: docs/gates.md

convenience one can use the ``SingleQubitGate``, ``TwoQubitGate``,
and ``ThreeQubitGate`` classes for these common gate sizes. 

The most common type of ``Gate`` is one that corresponds to applying

> a unitary evolution on the qubits that the gate acts on. However

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a unitary evolution on the qubits that the gate acts on.
```

``Gate``s can also correspond to noisy evolution on the qubits. This

> version of a gate is not used when sending the circuit to an actual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version of a gate is not used when sending the circuit to a
```

> quantum computer for execution, of course, but can be used with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
quantum computer for execution, but it can be used with
```
